README.md, before:

# CKEConfig

A simple module that allows to configure the CKEditor instance used in the administration interface.

## Installation

See general end user documentation for [Installing a module](http://omeka.org/s/docs/user-manual/modules/#installing-modules)

## To Use

Once installed and activated, click the **Configure** button to set the following settings:
- Enabled: enables or disables CKEConfig.
- Allowed roles: only users who have one of these roles can use the custom configuration. Leave unchecked for no restriction.
- CKEditor config: the custom configuration as a JS object. Make sure the syntax is valid.

## Resources

Explore the [CKEditor documentation](https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html)

## Copyright

Copyright 2025 Christian Morel

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Commit message:

added support for CKE styles

README.md, after:

# CKEConfig

A simple module that allows to configure the CKEditor instance used in the administration interface.

## Installation

See general end user documentation for [Installing a module](http://omeka.org/s/docs/user-manual/modules/#installing-modules)

## To Use

Once installed and activated, click the **Configure** button to set the following settings:
- Enabled: enables or disables CKEConfig.
- Allowed roles: only users who have one of these roles can use the custom configuration. Leave unchecked for no restriction.
- CKEditor config: the custom configuration, formatted as a JS object. Make sure the syntax is valid.
- CKEditor styles: The styles to be added to the default styleset avalailable under the Styles dropdown, formatted as a JS array. Make sure the syntax is valid.

## Resources

Explore the [CKEditor documentation](https://ckeditor.com/docs/ckeditor4/latest/api/CKEDITOR_config.html)

## Copyright

Copyright 2025 Christian Morel

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
